If you recognized
this as the Eiffel Tower,
then you will probably say
something like Paris or France.
This may not seem
very impressive,
but it's actually remarkable.
Before the blindfold
was removed,
you had zero understanding of
where you were in the world.
You could have made a
guess, but you would have
had no idea if you were right.
But after being shown a tiny
amount of data, a single image,
you reduce that uncertainty
to a few kilometer radius.
This is the main intuition
behind localization.
A robot gathers information
about its current environment
and compares that to a
known map to understand
where it is in the world.